E X P E R I E N C E
Architect
RSB Properties Ltd. | Part-time
Supervisor: Mr. Md Amanullah
- Preparation of preliminary and detailed architectural drawings.
- Creating computer-generated 3D models and rendering.
- Monitoring project progress and reporting errors.
Oct 2022 - Jul 2023
Technical Trainee on Reasonable Accommodation and Accessibility
Humanity & Inclusion (HI), Centre for the Rehabilitation of the Paralysed (CRP)
Supervisor: Mr. Krishno Sen
- Prepared technical and detailed drawings.
- Prepared 3D models for necessary representation and implementation.
- Prepared graphical presentation for technical validation.
Jan 2022 - Jul 2022
Project Architect
Integrated Design (Project: Visualization of BSRM Tunnel Service Area) | Full-time
Supervisor: Ar. Maruf-ul Ahsan, Ar. Md. Majibur Rahman
- Prepared 3D model of architecture and landscape of the project.
- Prepared 2D renders and 3D animations.
Sep 2021 - Dec 2021
Architectural Intern
Tania Karim, Nurur Rahman Khan and Associates (TKNRK) | Internship
Supervisor: Ar. Nurur Rahman Khan, Ar. Joya Ahsan
- Prepared working drawings for residential, commercial and interior projects.
- Arranged RAJUK sheets and layouts.
- Composed construction documents and BOQs.
- Prepared 3D models and renderings for visual representation.
Jun 2019 - Sep 2019
Junior Designer
Simple Interiors | Part-time
Supervisor: Mr. Dip Sazzad
- Prepared 3D models and renders.
- Took measurements on-site for technical drawings.
- Prepared detailed drawings for interior projects.
Apr 2017 - Dec 2017
Graphic Designer
UniAssist Global Education | Part-time
Supervisor: Mr. Ahsan Rakib Khan
- Designed and prepared banners, backdrops and brochures for Education Expo 2019.
- Designed the official logo, social media posts, receipts and other official document formats.
Sep 2019 - Dec 2019
TAHSIN RIDWAN PULOK
ARCHITECT
Zigatola, Dhanmondi, Dhaka- 1209.
+880 1785 051566
tahsin.pulok@gmail.com
P R O F I L E
I'm a Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch) graduate from North South University, and my portfolio includes
freelancing and various diverse roles. I excel in conveying creativity and perception through imaginative yet
functional architectural ideas, with a dedicated focus on creating engaging and appealing spaces.
In addition to my architectural expertise, I have a strong command of various software and digital production
methods. My diverse interests include a passion for 3D modeling, generative arts, and illustrations, reflecting
a holistic approach to design and creativity.
Beyond architecture, I am an avid book reader and a tech enthusiast, keenly interested in exploring the latest
technologies and visualization products.
V O L U N TA RY E X P E R I E N C E S
Toilet for Underprivileged Families | January 2019
Organizer: Safe Bangladesh & Ar. Fawaz Rob
Position: Designer and builder | Supervisor: Fawaz Rob
Task: Designed and had a hand on experience on how to properly build a
small toilet from scratch by using sustainable local materials.
Kathon Presentation (A Language for Delta) | March 2019
Organizer: Department of Architecture, North South University
Position: Volunteer | Supervisor: Ismat Hossain
Task: Volunteered as an organizer and distributed invitations to other
schools.
Design Charrette | June 2015
Organizer: Department of Architecture, North South University
Position: Volunteer | Supervisor: Ishraq Zahra Khan
Task: Volunteered as an organizer.
E D U C AT I O N
Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch) Jan 2015 - Jan 2021
Institute: North South University
CGPA: 2.7/4.0 (82%)
Higher School Certificate (H.S.C) Jul 2012 - Jun 2014
Institute: Ideal College
GPA: 4.8/5.0
Background: Science
Secondary School Certificate (S.S.C) Jan 2009 - Mar 2012
Institute: Junior Laboratory High School
GPA: 5.0/5.0
Background: Science
H O B B I E S A N D
I N T E R E S T S
Reading
3D Modeling
(sketchfab.com/tahsinpulok)
Photography
(viewbug.com/member/tahsinpulok)
Travelling
Gaming
C E R T I F I C AT E S
A N D AWA R D S
Certificate in recognition of
Excellent Result in S.S.C by
Prothom Alo & UCB Bank
(2012)
My essay on “The Evolution
of Architectural Representation”
of the course “Independent
Study (ARC 492)” got
selected for publishing in the
book, ‘Para-architectural
Musings’ by North South
University Publication.
Certificate on Course of ‘Web
Design’ for College Students
by Eastern University (2014)
Certificates on Multiple online
courses by Udemy
S O F WA R E
E X P E R T I Z E
Autodesk AutoCAD
Drafting and Modeling
SketchUP
Autodesk 3DS Max
Rhino
Autodesk Revit
Adobe Photoshop
Presentation and Documentation
Adobe Illustrator
CorelDraw
Microsoft Office
V-Ray
Rendering and Visualization
Enscape
Lumion
Twinmotion
Wondershare Filmora
Video and Visual Editing
Adobe Premiere Pro
L A N G U A G E
P R O F I C I E N C Y
Can communicate and write
coherently in both Bangla and
English.
Understand Hindi and Urdu
due to their similarities with
Bangla.
R E F E R E N C E S
Shaila Joarder
Associate Professor, Department of Architecture, North South University
MBEnv, University of New SouthWales, Australia
Email: shaila.joarder@northsouth.edu
Fariha Yasmin Faruque
Architectural Designer, ProWise Engineering Inc.
Ex. Lecturer, Department of Architecture, North South University
MA, Architectural History, University College London, UK
Email: fariha.faruque@prowise.ca
Krishno Sen
Senior Analysts, Leaving No One Behind (LNOB), BRAC Bangladesh
Ex. Disability Inclusion Technical Specialist, Handicap International
Ex. Head of Rehabilitation, CRP Bangladesh
Email: krishno.sen@brac.net
P E R S O N A L S K I L L S
Proficient in a diverse array of digital design software, with a
keen enthusiasm for mastering new technologies in digital
visualization.
Naturally sociable, fostering excellent relationships with
colleagues and mentors alike.
Well-versed in navigating deadline-sensitive projects, optimizing
resources to meet and exceed objectives.
A habitual photographer with an eye for detail and an ability to
multitask.
Possess an outgoing personality and good communication
skills as well as the ability to work both independently and
collaboratively.