Junior Java Software Engineer
CMiC
3.4
3.4 out of 5 stars
Toronto, ON
Full-time
Responded to 51-74% of applications in the past 30 days, typically within 2 days.

Job

Company
Profile insights
Here’s how the job qualifications align with your profile.
Skills

XML

JavaScript

J2EE
+ show more

Do you have experience in J2EE?
&nbsp;
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Job type

Full-time
&nbsp;
Location
Toronto, ON
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description
Dental care
Paid vacation
RRSP match
Wellness program
&nbsp;
Full job description
About CMiC

Headquartered in Toronto, CMiC is a software company focused on the Construction industry. We have built a comprehensive platform for construction companies to manage their most important workflows. Our customers can choose between a Cloud or Self-Hosted deployment that includes industry focused modules to manage everything from Financials and Payroll to Project Management and Job Costing. We have a strong market share in North America and rapidly expanding internationally in regions like Europe, Southeast Asia and the Middle East.

Job Overview

The TOOLS team created and maintained several versions of a dynamic engine that generates screens (web pages) based on metadata. The screens are completely dynamic and user configurable, including components, layout, business rules and validations. The engine is written primarily java (ADF framework) and xml with a bit of HTML CSS, JavaScript.

Responsibilities

Creating unit tests
Code refactoring
implement new code / fix bugs
Work in a large dev team and work closely with other developers
Participate in daily meetings
Requirements

A degree, certificate or diploma in a relevant area of study is a plus
Excellent communication skills – both written and oral.
Java
Junit 4
J2EE knowledge is a strong plus
JSF knowledge is a strong plus
Benefits

Competitive benefits Package (including Health & Dental benefits)
Paid vacation and personal days
Townhall meetings where all employees are encouraged to participate in open discussions
Located on York University’s campus, easily accessible by transit (TTC, GO, etc.), walking distance to shopping and restaurants
Outdoor lunch space, including picnic tables
An active Social Events Committee (past events include annual seasonal parties, pool and bowling tournaments, karaoke nights, Game nights, BBQ’s, and more)
Health and Wellness focus including virtual yoga classes and wellness webinars
RRSP Matching Program after 2 years of employment
Experience in a rapidly growing, socially responsible corporation
CMiC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code, CMiC will provide accommodation to applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process. If selected to participate in the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process, please inform Human Resources staff of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require.